Cache Key --> Request Line + Host
->web cache Poisioning -> the attacker causes the application to store some malicious content in the cache, and this content is served form the cache to other applications users.
->web cache deception -> the attacker causes the application to store some sensitive content belonging to another user in the cache and the attacker then retrieves this contetn from the cache.

-> to perform cache poisioning attack -> we need to first find `identify unkeyed inputs(parameters not needed to appear on the cached requests but that change the returned page)` 

<mark style="background: #FF5582A6;">Tip 1:</mark>
add duplicate value of `Host: exploit.com` or `add header like X-FOrwarded-For` also known as unkeyed headers.

<mark style="background: #FF5582A6;">Tip 2:</mark>
Check for unkeyed cookie value that reflects in response page and try to do cache poisioning.

<mark style="background: #FF5582A6;">Tip 3:</mark>
try to send request with bad header which should be responded to with a `status code 400`. and try to access the request normally and if the response is a 400 status code. its vulnerable. A badly configured header could be just `\:` as a header.

<mark style="background: #FF5582A6;">Tip 4:</mark> 
check for `X-Forwarded-Host` and `X-Forwarded-Scheme` if allowed 

<mark style="background: #FF5582A6;">Tip 6:</mark>
try to add random query string in the request and look if it is reflected in canonical link in the response.

<mark style="background: #FF5582A6;">Tip 7:</mark>
sometimes there is 301 redirect on certain request based in Host value -> we can add port to the Host value like `Host: example.com:567` and if this is cached then if user visit that url then is will redirect to not exitising page because there is no service for port 567 -> Dos attack

<mark style="background: #FF5582A6;">Tip 8:</mark>
sometimes there is redirect when we access endpoint like `/login` and response will be `Location: /login` but if we add like this `/login?x=toolongstring` then it will DOS the login page
-> many web  server mitigitation this attack by `if(thr query string is unkeyed AND the location header contains the request a query string Then dont cache the response)` ->sometimes we can bypass by adding `/login?x=$%00to%fffuzz$querystring`

<mark style="background: #FF5582A6;">Tip 9:</mark>
Fat Get -> sometimes some server allow GET request with body value and it is not the part of key value but do significant things like -> change GET request query to POST body value.

<mark style="background: #FF5582A6;">Tip 10:</mark>
try to see if any js file contain sensitive information and try to cache it or try to add -> if /dir is not cached try do /dir/anything.jpeg or ``/minNightlyPrice/x.jpeg?triagethis`